We return to the trials with Saxum’s trial. The Artificer proctor Yoslen Sparklefen meets Saxon to see his trial. He decides to show off his repair status  by taking her Titanpelt issued tablet and breaking it and then repairing it. He is successful in breaking and repairing it, but the magical essence it had is not repaired initially. Yoslen and the nearby Artificers are perplexed by this, but Yoslen gives Saxon some instruction on how to repair the magical abilities of the tablet. Following her instructions, he is able to see how the magical energy flowed through it and is able to successfully repair the tablet like new.

We now move to Imn’s trial, she wants to show her ability to shrug off damage in combat. She does a combat versus another fighter hopeful Tommy who is a Half-Orc fighter. Imn explains what she is looking to do with him and fighting proctor Frederick Yew. They are both a bit perplexed but intrigued. The battle begins and it is a fairly even fight. Leaving herself open to get hit and show off her Stone’s Endurance she takes a massive hit from Tommy. The battle continues and ultimately Tommy wins the combat. Frederick talks to Imn after her health is restored, and seems impressed by the combat.

Everyone goes to their questionnaire, under the influence of Zone of Truth with interesting responses to the 10 questions. After this is wrapped up, it is late and Dougart gives a half hearted speech over the intercom before everyone goes to bed. Eskender talks with his new friend Razh for a bit, Imn takes her damaged armor to get repaired, Saxum talks with Wilbur who felt like he did terrible in his showing, and Vale grabs his things and decides to go to sleep in a bathroom stall. They all go to sleep waiting for their letter to see if they have made it to the next round or not. They all awaken to their letters delivered to them, and Vale is woken up with one of the Aarakocra staff calling out for him, trying to find him to deliver his letter. As the group each open up their letter they are notified they have made it to the final round.

Eskender shows off his letter to taunt Razh, Vale meets up with his best friend Marcus Heraldbringer who totally doesn’t care he didn’t make it and taunts him, and Saxum talks with Wilbur a bit who is very broken and disappointed in himself. 

The camp begins to empty as the participants leave and head home. The Titanpelt staff organize the tearing down of the camp as it begins to go back to normal. Dougart and Constance meet up with the winners, Dougart gives another half hearted speech and then goes back to running the base. Yameia a variant Tiefling woman introduces herself as the Chief Marketing Officer (CMO) of Titanpelt and a stern looking Tiefling Man named Garxes who introduces himself as the Chief Legal Officer (CLO). 

They are joined by 4 other participants who fit the description of the other group and join them on their train ride to Eshhelion. They are taken to private rail cars, where they each have their own room and are given a bit of a run down of what to expect once they make it to Eshhelion. Everyone begins to slowly talk to one another with interesting results. Vale seems to not want to talk to anyone and rebuffs Saxum. Eskender and Imn arm wrestle with Eskender ending up victorious. Imn and Saxum have an awkward conversation about where they grew up and what they do for work. The train ride takes about 24 hours to arrive in Eshhelion. As they arrive in the station, it is a very fancy Roman Architecture like station. As soon as they get off the train, there's a wall of Warforged Titanpelt guards creating a path for them to get out. They are swarmed by curious individuals and media members asking them questions, cheering them on, and tossing them things like in a winning sports team parade.

They take a ride on magical streetcars to Titanpelt HQ. As they ride along and look out at Eshhelion, it is by far the largest and nicest city in Augard. There is a line of individuals all along their trip. Everything seems extremely nice and clean, and they don’t seem to see anyone who would be considered homeless.

As they get close to Titanpelt HQ, they get their first glimpse as they crest over a hill toward the end of the ride. Titanpelt HQ looks like another large town in itself. There are numerous large buildings including a large T-shaped building. There is also a magical dome over Titanpelt HQ that is rainbow color and looks very much like a Prismatic Wall/Anti Magic dome to protect Titanpelt HQ. We end this session with the group arriving at Titanpelt HQ at the main security gate. They see the Titanpelt logo which looks like a T but the T is a sword and it’s on a shield.
